## 100-days-of-Python
For the sake of my love for Python programming language; these are 100 different challenges from Replit to test and improve my skills in Python since getting major project ideas for Python can be stressful. You can join me on Replit https://join.replit.com/python.

## Day 1
Hello to the world of coding and my very first project! Day 1 of #Replit100daysofCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day01.py

## Day 2
I just built my first interactive code which takes inputs from the user.
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day02.py

## Day 3
With the powers of concatenation I made a whacky recipe maker 🥓🍝🥑 ! Day 3 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day03.py

## Day 4
Feel like a proper storyteller with the custom storybook that I coded up 📖 ! Day 4 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day04.py

## Day 5
Built my very first Akinator 🧞‍♂️ style game with 'if' statements! Day 5 of #Replit100DaysOfCode 
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day05.py

## Day 6
What the elif did I build today? A hack proof login system! Try breaking in 👾!! Day 6 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day06.py

## Day 7
So i made use of nested conditional statements. Day 7 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day07.py

## Day 8
Sending out good vibes 😎 with the affirmation generator! Day 8 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day08.py

## Day 9
Felt like I was at Hogwarts with all the casting I did today 🏰🧙 ! Day 9 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day09.py

## Day 10
Built my own tip calculator! Time to put it to the test at a restaurant 🍕 !  Day 10 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day10.py

## Day 11
How many seconds in a year 🙀 !! Day 11 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day11.py

## Day 12
Learnt how to find and squash bugs. Nothing better than a code free from bugs 🎉. Day 12 of #Replit100DaysofCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day12.py

## Day 13
Built a grade calculator today! Definitely giving myself an A+ on this 😎 ! Day 13 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day13.py

## Day 14
🪨 📄✂️ My very first multiplayer game !!! Day 14 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day14.py

## Day 15
What does the 🦊 say ? Find out with my custom animal sound generator (just like Alexa)! Day 15 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day15.py

## Day 16
Can you guess the lyrics to my favorite song 🎶 🎤? Day 16 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day16.py

## Day 17
New and improved 🪨 📄✂️ game! Day 17 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day17.py

## Day 18
Can you "Guess the Number" I have in mind 🤔? Day 18 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day18.py

## Day 19
Built an interest calculator to see how much money I would owe! A bit boring, I know, but necessary for #reallife. Day 19 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day19.py

## Day 20
What are ten things you can always count on? Your fingers. Or this number generator I made. Day 20 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day20.py

## Day 21
Let's multiply on the floor. Why? Because you can't use tables 😁. Day 21 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day21.py

## Day 22
Guess the number between one and 1Million!! Closest guess gets a shout-out from Replit team @LessonHacker and @AarrrMe! Day 22 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day22.py

## Day 23
Ok you might have cracked my earlier login but let's try a better one 🔐 ! Day 23 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day23.py

## Day 24
They see me rollin' ( 🎲 ), they hatin'. Day 24 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day24.py

## Day 25
Built a character health stats generator to prepare for the epic battle in 3 days!! Day 25 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day25.py

## Day 26
Used @Replit's cool audio feature to build an iPod and listen to some tunes 🎵. Day 26 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day26.py

## Day 27
Getting ready for an epic battle tomorrow! But first, we need to build some characters 🧙🏻‍♀️🧝🏻‍♀️👺! Day 27 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day27.py

## Day 28
Ready to battle it out ⚔️ with the characters I built in the previous day.  Day 28 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day28.py

## Day 29
Bringing `print` statements to life with COLOR! Day 29 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day29.py

## Day 30
Reflecting on my amazing work from the last 30 days. Created a reflection journal 📓. Day 30 of #Replit100DaysofCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day30.py

## Day 31
I went retro 🪩 and recreated two classic user interfaces. Can you guess what they are? Day 31 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day31.py

## Day 32
Built a random greetings list to greet you in different languages 👋. Day 32 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day32.py

## Day 33
This one is for all the list makers. Built a customized to do list today. ✅ Day 33 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day33.py

## Day 34
Created spam emails 📧 with 'pretty printing.' Don't worry. It's fake. Day 34 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day34.py

## Day 35
My to do list organizer from Day 35 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day35.py

## Day 36
Did I forget your name?!...Check out my contact list. Day 36 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day36.py

## Day 37
What is your Star Wars name? Check mine out! Day 37 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day37.py

## Day 38
Code the rainbow and harness the power of strings and loops. Day 38 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day38.py

## Day 39
I built Hangman. Can you guess the word? Day 39 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day39.py

## Day 40
I found a way to get your digits. Check out my address book. Day 40 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day40.py

## Day 41
It's 5 stars for me. ✨ Use my project to rate your favorite websites. Day 41 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day41.py

## Day 42
I caught 'em all with my epic MokeBeasts game. Day 42 of #Replit100DaysOfCode
https://github.com/Sandee004/100-days-of-Python/blob/main/Day42.py
